Feat Attestation Token distribution. (#74)
confidential-containers/kbs: docs/kbs_attestation_protocol.md

### Token Resource

> Authenticated attesters can also request an attestation token from the KBS.

Reviewer: What we're providing through that endpoint are attestation results, I think:

```suggestion
Authenticated attesters can also request an attestation result token from the KBS.
```

We probably should also update the section title from `Token Resource` to `Attestation Result`.

> Attesters can use tokens to request additional resources from external (i.e. not the KBS) services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attesters can use the attestation result token to request additional resources from external services, a.k.a. relying parties. 

```

KBS uses the following path format to locate token resource:

```
/kbs/v0/attestation-token
```

> #### Token Format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Attestation Result Format
```

> The token follows the [JSON web token](https://jwt.io/) standard and format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The provided attestation result follows the [JSON web token](https://jwt.io/) standard and format.
```

| Field | Description     | Type                    | Example              |
|-      |-                |-                        |-                     |
| `exp` | Expiration time | Seconds since the epoch | `99991231235959`     |
| `iat` | Issuing time    | Seconds since the epoch | `180322235959`       |
| `iss` | Issuer          | KBS URL                 | `https://my-kbs.io/` |

The private claims set must include the `tee-pubkey` name. This name refers to
the HW-TEE's public key sent by the KBC along with the attestation evidence,
which is valid within the validity period of the token.

When the KBC uses the token to request resources or services from a KBS service
API, then the KBS uses this public key to encrypt the symmetric key used to
encrypt the `output`.

##### Signature

Using the algorithm described in the token header, the KBS signs the
concatenation of the token header and the token payload, separated by a dot
(`.`). The token signature is the Base64url encoded string for that
signature.

#### HTTP Response

The token is included in the `/kbs/v0/resource/token/` `GET` HTTP response
body, as JSON content:

``` json-with-comments
{
    "token": "$serialized_token"
}

> ```

Reviewer: I suggest that we keep that part.

Author: OK, I'll keep them :)

> Where the custom claims in the payload is the attestation result from the Attention Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `JWT` payload is the set of attestation result custom Claims, as generated by the Attestation Service.
```

Also, shouldn't we require for the generated JWT to include those registered claims:

``` json
{
    "exp": 1568187398,
    "iat": 1568158598,
    "iss": "https://xxxxxx",
    "tee-pubkey": $pubkey
}
```
```

Author: Yes, I agree. In the future, we can implement both the attestation result token and the pubkey registration token here, and I will keep the description in the document. Of course, this PR only implements the former.
